Update notes on filtering in Umbraco Heartcore (#2976)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Heartcore/API-Documentation/GraphQL/Schema-Generation/index.md

}
```

:::note

> Filtering is possible only on simple types. Filtering on complex types like content picker, multi-node tree picker has to be done client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filtering is possible only on non-complex Property Editors like Text Area and Label. Filtering on more complex types like Content Picker and Multi-node Tree Picker has to be done client-side.
```
